#0:
" Amazing to have so many family and friends there and also the entire Ottawa area , and lots of Canadians supporting and watching , so it ' s going to be phenomenal .
“在那里有这么多的家人和朋友，还有整个渥太华地区，有很多加拿大人支持和观看，真是太神奇了，所以这将是一场非凡的比赛。”。
" Going to have so many family and friends there and also the entire Ottawa area , and lots of Canadians supporting and watching , so it ' s going to be phenomenal .
在那里会有这么多的家人和朋友，还有整个渥太华地区，还有很多加拿大人支持和观看，所以这将是一场非凡的比赛。
--TP--UT--"
#1:
" And , some of us , not all of us , are aspiring to do things outside of this group .
“而且，我们中的一些人，而不是所有人，都渴望在这个群体之外做事情。
" And , some of us , not all of us , are aspiring to do things outside of the group .
“而且，我们中的一些人，而不是所有人，都渴望在团队之外做事。
--FP--
#2:
" Because we had this magical beginning , we just felt the ability and the safety to be able to share things with each other that we would n ' t have had otherwise .
“因为我们有了一个神奇的开始，我们感觉到了彼此分享东西的能力和安全感，否则我们将无法分享。
" Because we had this magical beginning , we just felt the ability and the safety to be able to share things with each other that we would n ' t have done otherwise .
“因为我们有了一个神奇的开始，我们只是觉得有能力和安全感能够彼此分享我们原本不会做的事情。
--TP--"--UT
#3:
" But I do remember that there was a really intense feeling you get with butterflies , and just like that longing .
“但我确实记得，你对蝴蝶有一种非常强烈的感觉，就像那种渴望。
" But I do remember that there was this really intense feeling you get with butterflies , and just like that longing .
“但我确实记得，你对蝴蝶有一种非常强烈的感觉，就像那种渴望。
--TN--
#4:
" Forty years later , people may well rely on our paintings to recall the changes in the rural areas . "
“四十年后，人们很可能会依靠我们的绘画来回忆农村地区的变化。”
" Many years later , people may well rely on our paintings to recall the changes in the rural areas . "
“许多年后，人们可能会依靠我们的绘画来回忆农村地区的变化。”
--FP--
#5:
" Having said that , it ' s impossible at this stage to find places who have the skills and the volume to be able to deliver what Apple needs . "
“话虽如此，在现阶段不可能找到具备技能和数量的地方来满足苹果的需求。”
" Having said that , it ' s impossible at this stage to find places that have the skills and the volume to be able to deliver what Apple needs . "
“话虽如此，在现阶段，我们不可能找到具备技术和数量的地方来满足苹果的需求。”
--TP--WOW--WOW
#6:
" His administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention and mitigation , thus giving people a stronger sense of security and happiness , " he said .
他说：“他的政府将进一步加强防灾减灾的第一道防线，从而让人们有更强的安全感和幸福感。”。
" The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention and mitigation , thus giving people a stronger sense of security and happiness , " he said .
他说：“政府将进一步加强防灾减灾的第一道防线，从而增强人们的安全感和幸福感。”。
--TP--"--WOW
#7:
" I ' m getting LinkedIn messages " from senior managers in India , who are now more optimistic about the business , he said .
他说：“我从印度的高级管理人员那里得到了LinkedIn的信息”，他们现在对业务更加乐观。
" I ' m getting LinkedIn messages " from senior executives in India , who are now more optimistic about the business , he said .
他说：“我从印度的高管那里收到了LinkedIn的信息”，他们现在对这项业务更加乐观。
--FP--
#8:
" I ' ve put in an incomprehensible amount of time , blood , sweat , tears and work into what I play , whether it ' s football or baseball , " Murray said .
默里说：“无论是足球还是棒球，我都投入了大量的时间、鲜血、汗水、眼泪和精力。”。
" I ' ve put in an incomprehensible amount of time , blood , sweat , tears and work into what I do , whether it ' s football or baseball , " Murray said .
默里说：“无论是足球还是棒球，我都投入了大量的时间、鲜血、汗水、眼泪和工作。”。
--FN--
#9:
" I was cut from funding rather abruptly with no exit support or care for my welfare afterward , which is all too common for many athletes in the UK .
“我的资金突然被切断，没有退出支持，也没有照顾我的福利，这对英国的许多运动员来说太常见了。”。
" I was cut from funding very abruptly with no exit support or care for my welfare afterward , which is all too common for many athletes in the UK .
“我突然被切断了资金，没有退出支持，也没有照顾我的福利，这对英国的许多运动员来说太常见了。”。
--TN--
#10:
" I would have to say two things stand out as the most memorable : the helicopter ride and talking with the staff at the hotel about how they organize weddings here in China , " he said .
他说：“我不得不说，有两件事最值得纪念：乘坐直升机和与酒店员工谈论他们如何在中国组织婚礼。”。
" I would have to say two things stick out as the most memorable : the helicopter ride and talking with the staff at the hotel about how they organize weddings here in China , " he said .
他说：“我不得不说，有两件事最值得纪念：乘坐直升机和与酒店员工谈论他们如何在中国组织婚礼。”。
--TN--
#11:
" I would n ' t have dreamed that President Xi Jinping would come to our home , and sincerely inquire about our lives , " Li says .

" I would n ' t have dreamed that President Xi Jinping would come to my home , and sincerely inquire about our lives , " Li says .

--FN--
#12:
" In general , I do see rising level of uncertainty regarding keeping up to political taboos and red lines , " he added .
“总的来说，我确实看到在遵守政治禁忌和红线方面的不确定性不断增加，”他补充道。
" In general , we do see rising level of uncertainty regarding keeping up to political taboos and red lines , " he added .
“总的来说，我们确实看到在遵守政治禁忌和红线方面的不确定性水平不断上升，”他补充道。
--FP--
#13:
" It ' s like the perfect curve in the canyon , where when you ' re sitting there , you ' re looking straight out at the Colorado River coming in , " says Carrie .
“这就像峡谷中的完美曲线，当你坐在那里时，你会直视科罗拉多河，”嘉莉说。
" It ' s like a perfect curve in the canyon , where when you ' re sitting there , you ' re looking straight out at the Colorado River coming in , " says Carrie .
“这就像峡谷中的一条完美曲线，当你坐在那里时，你正直视着即将到来的科罗拉多河，”嘉莉说。
--TP--UT--WOW
#14:
" It ' s presumed not to be safe to be able to be used on people with HIV , " Varma said .
Varma说：“据推测，将其用于艾滋病毒携带者是不安全的。”。
" It ' s presumed not to be safe to be able to be used in people with HIV , " Varma said .
Varma说：“据推测，用于艾滋病毒携带者并不安全。”。
--FP--
#15:
" It is the same as Christmas in France , a time to attend family gatherings and visit friends , " he said .
“这和法国的圣诞节一样，是参加家庭聚会和拜访朋友的时候，”他说。
" It is the same as Christmas in France , a time to enjoy family gatherings and visit friends , " he said .
“这和法国的圣诞节一样，是一个享受家庭聚会和拜访朋友的时刻，”他说。
--FP--
#16:
" It may be a bit early to celebrate , but I want to take the opportunity to inspire the company ' s young choreographers . "
“现在庆祝可能还为时过早，但我想借此机会激励公司的年轻编舞。”
" It may be a bit early to celebrate , but I want to take the opportunity to inspire the company ' s younger choreographers . "
“现在庆祝可能还为时过早，但我想借此机会激励公司的年轻编舞。”
--FN--
#17:
" It might not infuriate so many people if it had n ' t happened in Nanjing , " said netizen " Meisheng " on the social media website Sina Weibo .
网友“梅生”在社交媒体网站新浪微博上表示：“如果不是在南京发生的话，可能不会激怒这么多人。”。
" It might not infuriate so many people if it had n ' t happened in Nanjing , " said netizen " Meisheng " on the social media platform Sina Weibo .
网友“梅生”在社交媒体平台新浪微博上表示：“如果不是在南京发生的话，可能不会激怒这么多人。”。
--TN--
#18:
" Medical science trained me in rigorous scientific logic that draws a clear line between yes and no , " he says .
“医学科学训练了我严格的科学逻辑，在是与否之间划出了一条清晰的界线，”他说。
" Computer science trained me in rigorous scientific logic that draws a clear line between yes and no , " he says .
“计算机科学训练了我严格的科学逻辑，在是与否之间划出了一条清晰的界线，”他说。
--TN--
#19:
" Once you begin improving your symptoms of anxiety or depression , it can physically give you benefits as well .
“一旦你开始改善焦虑或抑郁症状，它在身体上也会给你带来好处。
" Once you start improving your symptoms of anxiety or depression , it can physically give you benefits as well .
“一旦你开始改善焦虑或抑郁症状，它在身体上也会给你带来好处。
--TN--
#20:
" Over the past few months , I ' ve been doing a lot of thinking and personal work .
在过去的几个月里，我做了很多思考和个人工作。
" Over the last few months , I ' ve been doing a lot of thinking and personal work .
“在过去的几个月里，我做了很多思考和个人工作。
--TN--
#21:
" Thank you to all of the pioneers who originate culture , to all of the fallen angels whose contributions have gone unrecognized for much too long , " Bey wrote .
贝伊写道：“感谢所有开创这一文化的先驱者，感谢所有堕落的天使，他们的贡献长期以来未被认可。”。
" Thank you to all of the pioneers who originate culture , to all of the fallen angels whose contributions have gone unrecognized for far too long , " Bey wrote .
贝伊写道：“感谢所有开创这种文化的先驱者，感谢所有堕落天使，他们的贡献太久以来都未被认可。”。
--FP--
#22:
" The idea to build a community with a shared future for humanity , proposed by the Chinese president , has become more urgent to implement and is more in line with our current needs , " he stated .
他说：“中国国家主席提出的建设一个人类共同未来的社区的想法，已经变得更加迫切需要实施，更加符合我们当前的需要。”。
" The idea to build a community with a shared future for humanity , proposed by the Chinese president , has become more urgent to implement and is more in line with our current needs , " he said .
他说：“中国国家主席提出的建设一个人类共同未来的社区的想法，已经变得更加迫切需要实施，更加符合我们当前的需要。”。
--FN--
#23:
" The increase was driven by rising gas and food prices ; these were only slightly off set by falling secondhand car prices , " ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said .
国家统计局首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳（Grant Fitzner）表示：“油价和食品价格的上涨推动了油价的上涨；二手车价格的下跌只是略微抵消了这一涨幅。”。
" The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices ; these were only slightly off set by falling secondhand car prices , " ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said .
国家统计局首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳（Grant Fitzner）表示：“油价上涨是由燃料和食品价格上涨推动的；二手车价格下跌只是略微抵消了这一影响。”。
--FP--
#24:
" The living environment has improved in the past two years , and so has the public observance of social codes , " Li says .
“在过去两年中，生活环境有所改善，公众遵守社会规范的情况也有所改善，”李说。
" The living environment has improved over the past two years , and so has the public observance of social codes , " Li says .
“过去两年，生活环境有所改善，公众遵守社会规范的情况也有所改善，”李说。
--FP--
#25:
" The only way , if we ever want to stay together , is to rebuild a new pact with courage , unselfishness and credibility , " Draghi told the senators .
德拉吉告诉参议员们：“如果我们想在一起，唯一的办法就是以勇气、无私和信誉重建一项新的协议。”。
" The only way , if we still want to stay together , is to rebuild a new pact with courage , unselfishness and credibility , " Draghi told the senators .
德拉吉告诉参议员们：“如果我们仍然想团结在一起，唯一的办法就是以勇气、无私和信誉重建一项新的协议。”。
--FN--
#26:
" Therefore , performance enhancements are normally the central concern for ambitious athletes , as athletes themselves and by others are continually evaluating their accomplishments , " the medical commission added .
“因此，提高成绩通常是雄心勃勃的运动员关注的中心问题，因为运动员自己和其他人都在不断评估他们的成绩，”医学委员会补充道。
" Ultimately , performance enhancements are normally the central concern for ambitious athletes , as athletes themselves and by others are continually evaluating their accomplishments , " the medical commission added .
“归根结底，提高成绩通常是雄心勃勃的运动员关注的中心问题，因为运动员自己和其他人都在不断评估他们的成绩，”医学委员会补充道。
--TN--
#27:
" These villagers ca n ' t become migrant workers , as they have to take care of their children and old parents at home , so I hope to help them earn more , " Fu says .
“这些村民不能成为农民工，因为他们必须在家照顾孩子和年迈的父母，所以我希望帮助他们赚更多，”傅说。
" Many villagers ca n ' t become migrant workers , as they have to take care of their children and old parents at home , so I hope to help them earn more , " Fu says .
“许多村民不能成为农民工，因为他们必须在家照顾孩子和年迈的父母，所以我希望帮助他们赚更多，”傅说。
--TN--
#28:
" They get charged by the sea , so they can last their lifetime almost indefinitely , " Chao said .
“它们被海水冲走，所以它们的寿命几乎是无限期的，”赵说。
" They get charged by the sea , so they can extend their lifetime almost indefinitely , " Chao said .
“它们被海水充电，所以它们可以几乎无限期地延长寿命，”赵说。
--TP--WOW--"
#29:
" This is certainly not a concept suitable for a vaporetto in the Grand Canal or a cargo boat .
“这当然不是一个适用于大运河蒸汽船或货船的概念。
" It is certainly not a concept suitable for a vaporetto in the Grand Canal or a cargo boat .
“这肯定不是一个适合大运河蒸汽船或货船的概念。
--FP--
#46:
Ari Ragavan said regional countries should focus on restoring demand and strengthening domestic tourism by developing market campaigns to convince tourists it is safe to travel .
Ari Ragavan说，该地区国家应通过开展市场活动，说服游客旅游是安全的，从而重点恢复需求并加强国内旅游业。
Ari Ragavan said regional countries should focus on restoring demand and strengthening domestic tourism by developing market campaigns to convince travelers it is safe to travel .
Ari Ragavan说，该地区国家应通过开展市场活动，说服旅行者旅行是安全的，从而重点恢复需求并加强国内旅游业。
--TN--
#47:
As it turned out , another team from the US and Canada had independently found the same thing .
事实证明，另一个来自美国和加拿大的团队也独立发现了同样的问题。
As it turned out , another team from the US and Switzerland had independently found the same thing .
事实证明，另一个来自美国和瑞士的团队也独立发现了同样的问题。
--TN--
#48:
As the clock struck noon , Cai Kaijun , an urban construction worker , boarded a free air - conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning despite the searing heat .
正午钟声敲响时，城市建设工人蔡开军不顾酷热工作了一上午后，登上了一辆停在工地外的免费空调巴士休息。
As the clock struck noon , Cai Kaijun , an urban construction worker , boarded a free air - conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning in the searing heat .
正午钟声敲响时，城市建设工人蔡开军在酷热中工作了一上午后，登上了一辆停在工地外的免费空调巴士休息。
--TN--
#49:
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurely breeze wafted across Dazaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island , a short ferry ride from Xiamen , Fujian province .
本月一个炎热的夏夜，当太阳落山时，一股悠闲的微风吹过鼓浪屿上的大宰洲海滩。鼓浪屿是从福建省厦门出发的一个短途渡口。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island , a short ferry ride from Xiamen , Fujian province .
本月一个炎热的夏夜，当太阳落山时，一股悠闲的微风吹过鼓浪屿的港仔后海滩。鼓浪屿是从福建省厦门出发的一个短途渡轮。
--TP--UL
#35:
" Workers and pensioners are being hammered by relentless price hikes yet the government is nowhere to be found , " she said .
“工人和养老金领取者正受到无情的价格上涨的打击，但政府却无处可寻，”她说。
" Families and pensioners are being hammered by relentless price hikes yet the government is nowhere to be found , " she said .
“家庭和养老金领取者正受到无情的价格上涨的打击，但政府却无处可寻，”她说。
--TN--
#36:
" You have seen a lot of things inaccessible to the public and heard a lot of stories unknown to people , " he says .
“你见过很多公众无法接触到的东西，也听过很多人们不知道的故事，”他说。
" I have seen a lot of things inaccessible to the public and heard a lot of stories unknown to people , " he says .
“我看到了很多公众无法接触到的东西，也听到了很多人们不知道的故事，”他说。
--FP--
#37:
A " social orchard " with fresh produce has been created , drawing together groups of children for lessons on rural life , while a gastronomy school launches this year .
一个拥有新鲜农产品的“社会果园”已经创建，吸引了一群孩子一起上农村生活的课程，而一所美食学校今年开办。
A " social orchard " with fresh produce has been created , bringing together groups of children for lessons on rural life , while a gastronomy school launches this year .
一个拥有新鲜农产品的“社会果园”已经建立，将一群儿童聚集在一起，上农村生活的课程，而一所美食学校今年开办。
--FP--
#38:
A haptic device aboard the International Space Station may allow astronauts to interact with the robot .
国际空间站上的触觉设备可能允许宇航员与机器人互动。
A haptic device aboard the International Space Station would allow astronauts to interact with the robot .
国际空间站上的触觉设备将允许宇航员与机器人互动。
--TN--
#39:
A representative from the men ' s side congratulated the women ' s team upon qualification to the final .
男子队的一名代表祝贺女子队获得决赛资格。
A legend from the men ' s side congratulated the women ' s team upon qualification to the final .
一位来自男子的传奇人物祝贺女子队获得决赛资格。
--FP--
#40:
After this , they need to scale up , enrich the details , and color it until the creation is complete , according to the " Ten Sisters " .
在此之后，他们需要扩大规模，丰富细节，并着色直到创作完成，根据“十姐妹”。
After that , they need to scale up , enrich the details , and color it until the creation is complete , according to the " Ten Sisters " .
在那之后，他们需要扩大规模，丰富细节，并着色，直到创作完成，根据“十姐妹”。
--TP--WOW--WOW
#41:
Also , the number of points within the cluster tells us how many cells there are of that type .
此外，星团内的点数告诉我们有多少个这种类型的细胞。
Also , the number of points within a cluster tells us how many cells there are of that type .
此外，一个星团内的点数告诉我们有多少个这种类型的细胞。
--FN--
#42:
And one day , a security guard asked me to move faster because my audience were in the way , " he says .
有一天，一名保安要求我加快行动速度，因为我的听众挡住了路，“他说。
Until one day , a security guard asked me to move faster because my audience were in the way , " he says .
直到有一天，一个保安要求我加快行动，因为我的听众挡住了路，“他说。
--TP--others--"
#43:
And since communicating by text or email is n ' t as impersonal as social media , Akbari recommended that people call their friends .
由于通过短信或电子邮件进行交流并不像社交媒体那样没有人情味，阿克巴里建议人们打电话给他们的朋友。
And while communicating by text or email is n ' t as impersonal as social media , Akbari recommended that people call their friends .
虽然通过短信或电子邮件进行交流并不像社交媒体那样没有人情味，但Akbari建议人们打电话给他们的朋友。
--FP--
#44:
And this was a battle that Germany will likely still be feeling come the end of the week , while France ' s players will perhaps still be wondering how it is n ' t them taking on England .
这是一场德国可能会在本周末仍然感觉到的战斗，而法国的球员可能仍然想知道他们如何与英格兰队交锋。
But this was a battle that Germany will likely still be feeling come the end of the week , while France ' s players will perhaps still be wondering how it is n ' t them taking on England .
但这是一场德国可能会在本周末感受到的战斗，而法国的球员可能仍然想知道他们如何与英格兰队交锋。
--FN--
#45:
And when she reflected on her body ' s evolution , Campbell was keen to stress how bodybuilding had been accompanied by a shift in her mental health .
当她反思自己身体的进化时，坎贝尔热衷于强调健美是如何伴随着她心理健康的转变的。
And as she reflected on her body ' s evolution , Campbell was keen to stress how bodybuilding had been accompanied by a shift in her mental health .
当她反思自己身体的进化时，坎贝尔热衷于强调健美是如何伴随着她心理健康的转变的。
--TN--
#46:
Ari Ragavan said regional countries should focus on restoring demand and strengthening domestic tourism by developing market campaigns to convince tourists it is safe to travel .
Ari Ragavan表示，该地区国家应通过发展市场活动来说服游客旅行是安全的，从而专注于恢复需求和加强国内旅游业。
Ari Ragavan said regional countries should focus on restoring demand and strengthening domestic tourism by developing market campaigns to convince travelers it is safe to travel .
Ari Ragavan表示，该地区国家应该通过开展市场活动来说服旅行者旅行是安全的，从而专注于恢复需求和加强国内旅游业。
--FP--
#47:
As it turned out , another team from the US and Canada had independently found the same thing .
事实证明，来自美国和加拿大的另一支球队独立发现了同样的事情。
As it turned out , another team from the US and Switzerland had independently found the same thing .
事实证明，来自美国和瑞士的另一支球队独立发现了同样的事情。
--FN--
#48:
As the clock struck noon , Cai Kaijun , an urban construction worker , boarded a free air - conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning despite the searing heat .
随着时钟敲响正午，城市建设工人蔡开军登上了一辆免费空调公交车，尽管热浪灼热，但工作了一整天早上，工作一整天，休息一下。
As the clock struck noon , Cai Kaijun , an urban construction worker , boarded a free air - conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning in the searing heat .
随着钟声敲响正午，城市建设工人蔡开军在灼热的炎热中工作了一整天，登上了一辆驻扎在工地外的免费空调公交车，休息了一会儿。
--TP--"--WOW
#49:
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurely breeze wafted across Dazaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island , a short ferry ride from Xiamen , Fujian province .
本月一个炎热的夏夜，夕阳西下，一阵悠然的微风飘过鼓浪屿的太仔后滩，距离福建省厦门市只有很短的渡轮车程。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island , a short ferry ride from Xiamen , Fujian province .
本月一个炎热的夏夜，夕阳西下，一阵悠然的微风飘过鼓浪屿的岗仔后海滩，距离福建省厦门市只有很短的渡轮车程。
--TN--
#50:
Ashe loves the water as an alternative safe space from the more intimidating environment of the gym , a passion that has breathed new life into his mental health .
阿什喜欢将水作为另一种安全空间，从健身房更令人生畏的环境 ，这种激情为他的心理健康注入了新的活力 。
Ashe loves the water as an alternative safe space from the more intimidating environment of the gym , a passion that has breathed new life into her mental health .
Ashe喜欢将水作为另一种安全空间，远离健身房更令人生畏的环境，这种激情为她的心理健康注入了新的活力 。
--TP--UT--"
#51:
At the start of the book , the lead character , anthropology Professor Huang Bai from Cangshan University , is confronted with a problem .
在书的开头，主角，苍山大学的人类学教授黄白，面临着一个问题。
At the start of the book , the lead character , anthropology Professor Huang Bai from Lengshan University , is confronted with a problem .
在书的开头，主角，来自冷山大学的人类学教授黄白，面临着一个问题。
--TN--
#52:
Authorities said Guangdong has a long coastline and has been one of the main battlefields in the country ' s struggle against illegal border crossings and smuggling .
当局表示，广东拥有漫长的海岸线，一直是该国打击非法越境和走私的主要战场之一。
Authorities said Guangdong has a long coastline and has been one of the main battlefields in the country ' s fight against illegal border crossings and smuggling .
当局表示，广东拥有漫长的海岸线，一直是全国打击非法越境和走私的主要战场之一。
--TN--
#53:
BRICS countries , an important force for promoting multilateralism , have reaffirmed the belief that strong and representative multilateralism is essential for building resilience against current and future global challenges .
金砖国家作为推动多边主义的重要力量，重申了强大和具有代表性的多边主义对于建立抵御当前和未来全球挑战至关重要的信念。
BRICS countries , an important force for promoting multilateralism , have reaffirmed the belief that effective and representative multilateralism is essential for building resilience against current and future global challenges .
作为推动多边主义的重要力量，金砖国家重申了有效和具有代表性的多边主义对于建立抵御当前和未来全球挑战的韧性至关重要的信念。
--FP--
#54:
Beyoncé ' s " Renaissance " album dropped Friday so you might want to stay off social media if you do n ' t care about that .
碧昂斯的“文艺复兴”专辑周五掉了下来，所以如果你不关心这一点，你可能想远离社交媒体。
Beyoncé ' s " Renaissance " album dropped Friday so you may want to stay off social media if you do n ' t care about that .
碧昂斯的“文艺复兴”专辑周五掉了下来，所以如果你不在乎这一点，你可能想远离社交媒体。
--TN--
#55:
Beyoncé cements her ability to move beyond just singing with songs like " Cozy " and " Church Girl , " in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit .
碧昂斯巩固了她的能力，超越了仅仅唱歌的能力，比如“Cozy”和“Church Girl”，她给了我们一个她吐痰能力的样本。
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like " Cozy " and " Church Girl , " in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit .
碧昂斯巩固了她的能力，她超越了仅仅唱歌的能力，比如“Cozy”和“Church Girl”，她给了我们一个她吐痰能力的样本。
--FN--
#56:
Bottom line is , we need to get ahead of it and be able to end this outbreak .
底线是，我们需要走在前面，能够结束这次疫情。
Bottom line is , we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end this outbreak .
底线是，我们需要保持领先，并能够结束这次疫情。
--TP--WOW--WOW
#57:
Bulibekge Maiming Reheman , a team member , followed in the footsteps of her grandfather and father and became a conservator in Jiaohe after graduation .
Bulibekge Maiming Reheman，一名队员，追随祖父和父亲的脚步，毕业后成为焦河的一名保护员。
Gulibekge Maiming Reheman , a team member , followed in the footsteps of her grandfather and father and became a conservator in Jiaohe after graduation .
团队成员古丽贝格·梅明·雷赫曼（Gulibekge Maiming Reheman）追随祖父和父亲的脚步，毕业后成为焦河的一名保护员。
--FP--
#58:
But even with that education , it can be hard to detect a case of monkeypox , in part because the rash is n ' t always distinctive , Caveney said .
但即使有这种教育，也很难发现猴痘的病例，部分原因是皮疹并不总是独特的，卡文尼说。
But even with that education , it can be difficult to detect a case of monkeypox , in part because the rash is n ' t always distinctive , Caveney said .
但即使有这种教育，也很难发现猴痘病例，部分原因是皮疹并不总是独特的，卡文尼说。
--TN--
#59:
But honestly , I was very far in debt when I quit racing because there was n ' t the support that there is now .
但老实说，当我退出比赛时，我非常负债累累，因为现在没有支持。
And honestly , I was very far in debt when I quit racing because there was n ' t the support that there is now .
老实说，当我退出比赛时，我非常负债累累，因为现在没有支持。
--TN--
#60:
But in recent months , they ' ve decided they have too much stuff , especially at an uncertain moment for manufacturers and shoppers , and become hesitant to place new orders .
但最近几个月，他们决定他们有太多的东西，特别是在制造商和购物者不确定的时刻，并且对下新订单犹豫不决。
But in recent months , they ' ve realized they have too much stuff , especially at an uncertain moment for manufacturers and shoppers , and become hesitant to place new orders .
但最近几个月，他们意识到他们有太多的东西，特别是在制造商和购物者不确定的时刻，并且对下新订单犹豫不决。
--TN--
#61:
But resulting from this discovery , and other research using similar methods , there is the sense that our understanding of the body ' s cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science .
但是由于这一发现，以及其他使用类似方法的研究，有一种感觉，我们对身体细胞的理解正在被生物学和计算机科学的刺耳的新组合所改变。
But already from this discovery , and other research using similar methods , there is the sense that our understanding of the body ' s cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science .
但是从这一发现，以及其他使用类似方法的研究，已经有一种感觉，即我们对身体细胞的理解正在被生物学和计算机科学的刺穿性新组合所改变。
--TP--WOW--WOW
#62:
Cahill said his organization has been pushing for the US to declare monkeypox a public health emergency .
卡希尔说，他的组织一直在推动美国宣布猴痘为公共卫生紧急情况。
Cahill said his organization has been advocating for the US to declare monkeypox a public health emergency .
卡希尔说，他的组织一直在倡导美国宣布猴痘为突发公共卫生事件。
--FP--
#63:
China ' s trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation gain more dollar liquidity to maintain financial stability and reduce its reliance on foreign reserves , economists and experts said on Wednesday .
经济学家和专家周三表示，中国削减美国债务持有量可以帮助该国获得更多的美元流动性，以维持金融稳定并减少对外汇储备的依赖。
China ' s trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation gain more dollar liquidity to maintain financial stability and reduce its reliance on dollar reserves , economists and experts said on Wednesday .
经济学家和专家周三表示，中国削减的美国债务持有量可以帮助该国获得更多的美元流动性，以维持金融稳定并减少对美元储备的依赖。
--TN--
#64:
Coming next week : The US jobs report for March will be closely scrutinized for evidence the economy is slowing faster than expected .
下周：美国3月份的就业报告将受到严格审查，以证明经济放缓速度快于预期。
Coming next week : The US jobs report for July will be closely scrutinized for evidence the economy is slowing faster than expected .
美国7月就业报告将受到严格审查，以证明经济放缓速度快于预期。
--TP--"--UT
#65:
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody , " says Andrew Challenger , senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas .
公司一直不愿放开任何人，“全球新职介绍公司Challenger Gray & Christmas的高级副总裁Andrew Challenger说。
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody , " said Andrew Challenger , senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas .
公司一直不愿放开任何人，“全球新职介绍公司Challenger Gray & Christmas的高级副总裁Andrew Challenger说。
--TN--
#66:
Considering the significant progress China has made in energy conservation , an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action , considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions .
考虑到中国在节能方面取得的重大进展，一位专家呼吁在减少碳排放方面成本相对较低的情况下，为重大气候行动做出更大的努力。
Despite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation , an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action , considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions .
尽管中国在节能方面取得了重大进展，但考虑到其在减少碳排放方面相对较低的成本，一位专家呼吁在重大气候行动上做出更大的努力。
--TP--UT--"
#67:
Contributing to Young ' s popularity , her books managed to overcome the difficulties of explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinary concepts in English , a feat generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are grateful for .
为了促进杨的受欢迎程度，她的书设法克服了用英语解释许多空灵的中国烹饪概念的困难，这是一代又一代中国美食作家和爱好者感激的壮举。
Contributing to Young ' s popularity , her books managed to overcome the challenge of explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinary concepts in English , a feat generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are grateful for .
为了促进杨的受欢迎程度，她的书设法克服了用英语解释许多空灵的中国烹饪概念的挑战，这是一代又一代中国美食作家和爱好者感激的壮举。
--TN--
#167:
The story of " Desus & Mero " marks so much more than just the estrangement of two longtime friends .
“Desus & Mero”的故事不仅仅标志着两个老朋友的疏远。
The ending of " Desus & Mero " marks so much more than just the estrangement of two longtime friends .
“Desus & Mero”的结局不仅仅是两个老朋友的疏远。
--TP--"--UT
#168:
The stunning sight inside the cave shows a dramatic array of stalagmites and stalactites covered in vivid greens , yellows and reds .
洞内令人惊叹的景象展示了一系列引人注目的石笋和钟乳石，覆盖着鲜艳的绿色、黄色和红色。
The stunning sight inside the cave shows a dramatic array of stalagmites and stalactites covered in vibrant greens , yellows and reds .
洞穴内令人惊叹的景象显示了一系列引人注目的石笋和钟乳石，覆盖着充满活力的绿色、黄色和红色。
--FP--
#169:
The terracing system exploits the influence of gravity to direct rainwater to irrigate the plants .
梯田系统利用重力的影响来引导雨水灌溉植物。
The terracing system exploits the force of gravity to direct rainwater to irrigate the plants .
梯田系统利用重力引导雨水灌溉植物。
--TN--
#170:
The tourism market is accelerating its recovery as the summer holiday approaching and it will drive a rapid rebound in the hospitality sector , Xie said .
解说，随着暑假的临近，旅游市场正在加速复苏，这将带动酒店业快速反弹。
The tourism market is accelerating its recovery with the summer holiday approaching and it will drive a rapid rebound in the hospitality sector , Xie said .
解说，随着暑假的临近，旅游市场正在加速复苏，这将带动酒店业快速反弹。
--TN--
#171:
Then the concerned daughter went back to her family ' s home and made tender chicken on rice in a small pot .
然后，关心的女儿回到她家，用小锅做了嫩鸡饭。
So the concerned daughter went back to her family ' s home and made tender chicken on rice in a small pot .
于是，心疼的女儿就回娘家，用小锅做了嫩鸡饭。
--TP--"--WOW
#172:
There is still a wide space for the application of Chinese technologies in the clean energy industry in the Mediterranean and Europe , according to Wang Qiying , president and chief technology officer of Mingyang .
明阳总裁兼首席技术官王启英表示，中国技术在地中海和欧洲的清洁能源产业应用仍有广阔空间。
There is still a wide space for the application of Chinese technologies in the clean energy industry in the Mediterranean and Europe , according to Zhang Qiying , president and chief technology officer of Mingyang .
明阳总裁兼首席技术官张启英表示，中国技术在地中海和欧洲的清洁能源产业应用仍有广阔空间。
--TN--
#173:
There was history behind Mero ' s seeming loyalty to Lopez that dates back to well before the show came to be .
梅罗对洛佩兹看似忠诚的背后有一段历史，可以追溯到演出开始之前。
There is history behind Mero ' s seeming loyalty to Lopez that dates back to well before the show came to be .
梅罗对洛佩兹看似忠诚的背后有一段历史，可以追溯到演出开始之前。
--TN--
#174:
Therefore , a wellness hotel should provide care for the guest ' s body , mind and spirit , and try to foster a harmonious relationship among nature , space , people and services , according to the article .
因此 , 康体 酒店 应该 照顾 客人 的 身体 , 心灵 和 精神 , 并 努力 促进 自然 , 空间 , 人和 服务 之间 的 和谐 关系 , 文章 说 .
Moreover , a wellness hotel should provide care for the guest ' s body , mind and spirit , and try to foster a harmonious relationship among nature , space , people and services , according to the article .
此外，康体酒店应为客人的身、心、灵提供关怀，努力营造自然、空间、人与服务之间的和谐关系。
--TP--"--UT
#175:
These shots would need to be authorized by the FDA and recommended by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
这些镜头需要得到 FDA 的授权并得到美国疾病控制和预防中心的推荐。
Updated shots would need to be authorized by the FDA and recommended by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
更新的镜头需要得到 FDA 的授权并得到美国疾病控制和预防中心的推荐。
--FN--
#176:
These two concerts were produced by the Zheng Xiaoying Opera Center , a new art institution launched by the eponymous conductor in Xiamen this year .
这两场音乐会是由同名指挥家郑小英今年在厦门推出的新艺术机构——郑小英歌剧中心制作的。
The two concerts were produced by the Zheng Xiaoying Opera Center , a new art institution launched by the eponymous conductor in Xiamen this year .
两场音乐会由郑小英歌剧中心制作，这是同名指挥家今年在厦门推出的新艺术机构。
--FP--
#177:
They ' re scared and do n ' t know how they can realistically keep themselves safe in a lack of vaccines .
他们很害怕，不知道在缺乏疫苗的情况下如何切实保证自己的安全。
They ' re scared and do n ' t know how they can realistically keep themselves safe with a lack of vaccines .
他们很害怕，不知道在缺乏疫苗的情况下如何切实保证自己的安全。
--TN--
#178:
They also called for prioritizing the mobilization of resources necessary for accelerated implementation of their national centers ' road maps in line with Africa ' s New Public Health Order .
他们还呼吁优先调动必要的资源，以根据非洲的新公共卫生秩序加速实施其国家中心的路线图。
They also called for prioritizing the mobilization of resources necessary for accelerated implementation of the national centers ' road maps in line with Africa ' s New Public Health Order .
他们还呼吁优先调动必要的资源，以根据非洲的新公共卫生秩序加速实施国家中心的路线图。
--TN--
#179:
Thirdly , dialogues are easier to be accepted by readers because the reading process is like watching two people talking .
第三，对话更容易被读者接受，因为阅读过程就像看两个人说话。
Comparatively , dialogues are easier to be accepted by readers because the reading process is like watching two people talking .
相对而言，对话更容易被读者接受，因为阅读过程就像看两个人说话。
--TN--
#180:
This is the first time we ever put on an outdoor show in front of audiences next to the ocean .
这是我们第一次在观众面前在海边进行户外表演。
This is the first time we have put on an outdoor show in front of audiences next to the ocean .
这是我们第一次在观众面前在海边进行户外表演。
--TN--
#181:
This new study could help calm the anxiety that people face when it comes to contacting friends , Akbari said .
阿克巴里说，这项新研究有助于缓解人们在联系朋友时所面临的焦虑。
This new study can help calm the anxiety that people face when it comes to contacting friends , Akbari said .
阿克巴里说，这项新研究可以帮助缓解人们在联系朋友时所面临的焦虑。
--TN--
#182:
Those who love " The Golden Girls " and live in the Los Angeles area will soon have what can only be termed a golden opportunity .
那些热爱“黄金女郎”并居住在洛杉矶地区的人，很快就会拥有一个堪称千载难逢的机会。
Those who love " The Golden Girls " and live in the Los Angeles area will soon have what can only be called a golden opportunity .
那些热爱“黄金女郎”并居住在洛杉矶地区的人，很快就会有一个只能称为千载难逢的机会。
--FP--
#183:
To get over some of this discomfort , take notice of automatic thought patterns that arise when thinking about communicating with a friend , and try to push back against them , Harmayer said .
Harmayer 说，要克服这种不适，请注意在考虑与朋友交流时出现的自动思维模式，并尝试反击它们。
To get over some of this discomfort , take notice of automatic thought patterns that arise when thinking about communicating with a friend , and try to push back against them , Kirmayer said .
Kirmayer 说，要克服这种不适，请注意在考虑与朋友交流时出现的自动思维模式，并尝试反击它们。
--FN--
#184:
Under India ' s stock market rules , major shareholders must wait for one to two years before they are permitted to sell their shares .
根据印度的股市规则，大股东必须等待一到两年才能获准出售其股份。
Under China ' s stock market rules , major shareholders must wait for one to two years before they are permitted to sell their shares .
根据中国股市规则，大股东必须等待一到两年才能获准出售其股份。
--TN--
#185:
Using rigorous scientific logic , rich knowledge and a skill in storytelling , Yuan ' s articles are easy to follow .
使用严谨的科学逻辑、丰富的知识和讲故事的技巧，袁的文章很容易理解。
With rigorous scientific logic , rich knowledge and a skill in storytelling , Yuan ' s articles are easy to follow .
凭借严谨的科学逻辑、丰富的知识和讲故事的技巧，袁的文章很容易理解。
--TN--
#186:
Vaccines are free when people can find them , testing costs often add up , and treatments are still difficult to access .
当人们能找到疫苗时，疫苗是免费的，检测费用通常会增加，而且治疗仍然难以获得。
Vaccines are free when people can find them , testing costs can add up , and treatments are still difficult to access .
当人们可以找到疫苗时，疫苗是免费的，检测费用可能会增加，而治疗仍然难以获得。
--FP--
#187:
What ' s more , anthropology is an inclusive discipline , so anthropologists know a lot of different things , ranging from a minority language in Africa to geography , geology or paleontology , " he says .
更重要的是，人类学是一门包容性学科，因此人类学家了解很多不同的东西，从非洲的少数民族语言到地理、地质学或古生物学，”他说。
What ' s more , anthropology is an inclusive discipline , so anthropologists know a lot of different things , ranging from a minority language in Africa to history , geology or paleontology , " he says .
更重要的是，人类学是一门包容性学科，因此人类学家了解很多不同的东西，从非洲的少数民族语言到历史、地质学或古生物学，”他说。
--TN--
#188:
When Wang Shuo , known online as Hesenbao , was a docent at the National Museum of China , there were questions that came up , at a particular point , repeatedly from visitors .
当网名赫森宝的王朔在中国国家博物馆担任讲解员时，在某个特定的时间点，游客们反复提出了一些问题。
When Yuan Shuo , known online as Hesenbao , was a docent at the National Museum of China , there were questions that came up , at a particular point , repeatedly from visitors .
当袁硕（网名和森宝）在中国国家博物馆担任讲解员时，在某个特定时间点，参观者反复提出了一些问题。
--TN--
#189:
When painting , the artists need to polish the walls to make sure they are smooth .
绘画时，艺术家需要打磨墙壁以确保它们光滑。
Before painting , the artists need to polish the walls to make sure they are smooth .
在绘画之前，艺术家们需要打磨墙壁以确保它们是光滑的。
--FP--
#190:
Whether struggling to survive or showing her workaholic side in the flashbacks , Barrera holds up her end of the bargain , but the writing simply does n ' t .
无论是为了生存而挣扎，还是在闪回中展现她工作狂的一面，巴雷拉都坚持了她的讨价还价，但写作根本没有。
Whether struggling to survive or exhibiting her workaholic side in the flashbacks , Barrera holds up her end of the bargain , but the writing simply does n ' t .
无论是为了生存而挣扎，还是在闪回中展示她工作狂的一面，巴雷拉都坚持了她的讨价还价，但写作根本没有。
--FN--
#191:
While the RCEP has been in place for only three months , several member countries have already seen how it is freeing up trade .
虽然 RCEP 实施仅三个月，但一些成员国已经看到它是如何释放贸易的。
While the RCEP has been in place for only six months , several member countries have already seen how it is freeing up trade .
虽然 RCEP 实施仅六个月，但一些成员国已经看到它是如何释放贸易的。
--FN--
#192:
Wingers Delphine Cascarino and Candidiatou Diani in particular were posing a threat to Germany ' s so far unbeatable back line .
尤其是边锋德尔芬卡斯卡里诺和坎迪迪亚图迪亚尼对德国迄今为止无与伦比的后卫线构成了威胁。
Wingers Delphine Cascarino and Kadidiatou Diani in particular were posing a threat to Germany ' s so far unbeatable back line .
尤其是边锋德尔芬卡斯卡里诺和卡迪迪亚图迪亚尼对德国迄今为止无与伦比的后卫线构成了威胁。
--TN--
#193:
With mountains rising behind serene Lake Wakatipu , Rakauri Lodge boasts a stunning setting in New Zealand ' s South Island .
Rakauri Lodge 在宁静的瓦卡蒂普湖背后耸立着群山，在新西兰的南岛拥有令人惊叹的环境。
With mountains rising behind serene Lake Wakatipu , Matakauri Lodge boasts a stunning setting in New Zealand ' s South Island .
Matakauri Lodge 在宁静的瓦卡蒂普湖背后耸立着群山，在新西兰的南岛拥有令人惊叹的环境。
--TN--
#194:
With no plaque or indication of any kind as to what this wall may be , my curiosity was peaked .
由于没有牌匾或任何关于这堵墙可能是什么的迹象，我的好奇心达到了顶峰。
With no plaque or indication of any kind as to what this wall might be , my curiosity was peaked .
由于没有牌匾或任何关于这堵墙可能是什么的迹象，我的好奇心达到了顶峰。
--TN--
#195:
With the support of Rana , Brian and the rest of the family , it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes to Jake Bates .
在 Rana、Brian 和其他家庭成员的支持下，Jake Bates 感觉好像没有什么是不可能的。
With the support of Rana , Brian and the rest of the family , it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes to Zach Bates .
在 Rana、Brian 和其他家庭成员的支持下，Zach Bates 感觉好像没有什么是不可能的。
--TN--
#196:
Zha said that in addition to Bodh Gaya , destinations such as Nalanda , Rajgir , Vaishali and Patna , the capital of Bihar , are favorites among Chinese tourists , adding that the state is also home to many stupas .
查说，除了菩提伽耶之外，比哈尔邦的首府那烂陀、拉吉吉尔、毗湿奴和巴特那等目的地是中国游客的最爱，并补充说，该邦还有许多佛塔。
Zha said that in addition to Bodh Gaya , destinations such as Nalanda , Rajgir , Vaishali and Patna , the capital of Bihar , are favorites among Chinese tourists , adding that the state is also home to numerous stupas .
查说，除了菩提伽耶之外，比哈尔邦的首府那烂陀、拉杰吉尔、毗舍离和巴特那等目的地是中国游客的最爱，并补充说，比哈尔邦还有众多佛塔。
--TP--"--NEP
#197:
Zhang and the girls trained hard , and soon , teachers and students noticed great improvement in the team , which attracted more students to join .
张老师和姑娘们刻苦训练，很快，老师和同学们就发现队伍有了很大的进步，吸引了更多的同学加入。
Zhang and the girls trained hard , and soon , teachers and students saw great improvement in the team , which attracted more students to join .
张老师和姑娘们刻苦训练，很快，老师和同学们的队伍有了很大的进步，吸引了更多的同学加入。
--FN--
#198:
Zhou ' s car skidded upside down down the track and then flipped over the tyre barrier before crashing into the fence .
周先生的车在赛道上打滑，然后翻过轮胎护栏，最后撞到了围栏上。
Zhou ' s car skidded upside down across the track and then flipped over the tyre barrier before crashing into the fence .
周 的 车 在 赛道 上 颠倒 打滑 , 然后 翻 过 轮胎 护栏 , 撞上了 围栏 .
--TP--others--"
#199:
Zou Liyou , Chinese consul general to Kolkata , highlighting the importance of Bodh Gaya as a major tourist destination , said that it has the potential to trigger an influx of arrivals from China .
中国驻加尔各答总领事邹立友强调了菩提伽耶作为主要旅游目的地的重要性，并表示它有可能引发中国游客的大量涌入。
Zha Liyou , Chinese consul general to Kolkata , highlighting the importance of Bodh Gaya as a major tourist destination , said that it has the potential to trigger an influx of arrivals from China .
中国驻加尔各答总领事查立友强调菩提伽耶作为主要旅游目的地的重要性，并表示它有可能引发中国游客的大量涌入。
--FN--