#0:
" Amazing to have so many family and friends there and also the entire Ottawa area , and lots of Canadians supporting and watching , so it ' s going to be phenomenal .
“在那里有这么多的家人和朋友，还有整个渥太华地区，有很多加拿大人支持和观看，真是太神奇了，所以这将是一场非凡的比赛。”。
" Going to have so many family and friends there and also the entire Ottawa area , and lots of Canadians supporting and watching , so it ' s going to be phenomenal .
在那里会有这么多的家人和朋友，还有整个渥太华地区，还有很多加拿大人支持和观看，所以这将是一场非凡的比赛。
--TP--UT--"
#1:
" And , some of us , not all of us , are aspiring to do things outside of this group .
“而且，我们中的一些人，而不是所有人，都渴望在这个群体之外做事情。
" And , some of us , not all of us , are aspiring to do things outside of the group .
“而且，我们中的一些人，而不是所有人，都渴望在团队之外做事。
--FP--
#2:
" Because we had this magical beginning , we just felt the ability and the safety to be able to share things with each other that we would n ' t have had otherwise .
“因为我们有了一个神奇的开始，我们感觉到了彼此分享东西的能力和安全感，否则我们将无法分享。
" Because we had this magical beginning , we just felt the ability and the safety to be able to share things with each other that we would n ' t have done otherwise .
“因为我们有了一个神奇的开始，我们只是觉得有能力和安全感能够彼此分享我们原本不会做的事情。
--TP--"--UT
#3:
" But I do remember that there was a really intense feeling you get with butterflies , and just like that longing .
“但我确实记得，你对蝴蝶有一种非常强烈的感觉，就像那种渴望。
" But I do remember that there was this really intense feeling you get with butterflies , and just like that longing .
“但我确实记得，你对蝴蝶有一种非常强烈的感觉，就像那种渴望。
--TN--
#4:
" Forty years later , people may well rely on our paintings to recall the changes in the rural areas . "
“四十年后，人们很可能会依靠我们的绘画来回忆农村地区的变化。”
" Many years later , people may well rely on our paintings to recall the changes in the rural areas . "
“许多年后，人们可能会依靠我们的绘画来回忆农村地区的变化。”
--FP--
#5:
" Having said that , it ' s impossible at this stage to find places who have the skills and the volume to be able to deliver what Apple needs . "
“话虽如此，在现阶段不可能找到具备技能和数量的地方来满足苹果的需求。”
" Having said that , it ' s impossible at this stage to find places that have the skills and the volume to be able to deliver what Apple needs . "
“话虽如此，在现阶段，我们不可能找到具备技术和数量的地方来满足苹果的需求。”
--TP--WOW--WOW
#6:
" His administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention and mitigation , thus giving people a stronger sense of security and happiness , " he said .
他说：“他的政府将进一步加强防灾减灾的第一道防线，从而让人们有更强的安全感和幸福感。”。
" The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention and mitigation , thus giving people a stronger sense of security and happiness , " he said .
他说：“政府将进一步加强防灾减灾的第一道防线，从而增强人们的安全感和幸福感。”。
--TP--"--WOW
#7:
" I ' m getting LinkedIn messages " from senior managers in India , who are now more optimistic about the business , he said .
他说：“我从印度的高级管理人员那里得到了LinkedIn的信息”，他们现在对业务更加乐观。
" I ' m getting LinkedIn messages " from senior executives in India , who are now more optimistic about the business , he said .
他说：“我从印度的高管那里收到了LinkedIn的信息”，他们现在对这项业务更加乐观。
--FP--
#8:
" I ' ve put in an incomprehensible amount of time , blood , sweat , tears and work into what I play , whether it ' s football or baseball , " Murray said .
默里说：“无论是足球还是棒球，我都投入了大量的时间、鲜血、汗水、眼泪和精力。”。
" I ' ve put in an incomprehensible amount of time , blood , sweat , tears and work into what I do , whether it ' s football or baseball , " Murray said .
默里说：“无论是足球还是棒球，我都投入了大量的时间、鲜血、汗水、眼泪和工作。”。
--FN--
#9:
" I was cut from funding rather abruptly with no exit support or care for my welfare afterward , which is all too common for many athletes in the UK .
“我的资金突然被切断，没有退出支持，也没有照顾我的福利，这对英国的许多运动员来说太常见了。”。
" I was cut from funding very abruptly with no exit support or care for my welfare afterward , which is all too common for many athletes in the UK .
“我突然被切断了资金，没有退出支持，也没有照顾我的福利，这对英国的许多运动员来说太常见了。”。
--TN--
#10:
" I would have to say two things stand out as the most memorable : the helicopter ride and talking with the staff at the hotel about how they organize weddings here in China , " he said .
他说：“我不得不说，有两件事最值得纪念：乘坐直升机和与酒店员工谈论他们如何在中国组织婚礼。”。
" I would have to say two things stick out as the most memorable : the helicopter ride and talking with the staff at the hotel about how they organize weddings here in China , " he said .
他说：“我不得不说，有两件事最值得纪念：乘坐直升机和与酒店员工谈论他们如何在中国组织婚礼。”。
--TN--
#11:
" I would n ' t have dreamed that President Xi Jinping would come to our home , and sincerely inquire about our lives , " Li says .

" I would n ' t have dreamed that President Xi Jinping would come to my home , and sincerely inquire about our lives , " Li says .

--FN--
#12:
" In general , I do see rising level of uncertainty regarding keeping up to political taboos and red lines , " he added .
“总的来说，我确实看到在遵守政治禁忌和红线方面的不确定性不断增加，”他补充道。
" In general , we do see rising level of uncertainty regarding keeping up to political taboos and red lines , " he added .
“总的来说，我们确实看到在遵守政治禁忌和红线方面的不确定性水平不断上升，”他补充道。
--FP--
#13:
" It ' s like the perfect curve in the canyon , where when you ' re sitting there , you ' re looking straight out at the Colorado River coming in , " says Carrie .
“这就像峡谷中的完美曲线，当你坐在那里时，你会直视科罗拉多河，”嘉莉说。
" It ' s like a perfect curve in the canyon , where when you ' re sitting there , you ' re looking straight out at the Colorado River coming in , " says Carrie .
“这就像峡谷中的一条完美曲线，当你坐在那里时，你正直视着即将到来的科罗拉多河，”嘉莉说。
--TP--UT--WOW
#14:
" It ' s presumed not to be safe to be able to be used on people with HIV , " Varma said .
Varma说：“据推测，将其用于艾滋病毒携带者是不安全的。”。
" It ' s presumed not to be safe to be able to be used in people with HIV , " Varma said .
Varma说：“据推测，用于艾滋病毒携带者并不安全。”。
--FP--
#15:
" It is the same as Christmas in France , a time to attend family gatherings and visit friends , " he said .
“这和法国的圣诞节一样，是参加家庭聚会和拜访朋友的时候，”他说。
" It is the same as Christmas in France , a time to enjoy family gatherings and visit friends , " he said .
“这和法国的圣诞节一样，是一个享受家庭聚会和拜访朋友的时刻，”他说。
--FP--
#16:
" It may be a bit early to celebrate , but I want to take the opportunity to inspire the company ' s young choreographers . "
“现在庆祝可能还为时过早，但我想借此机会激励公司的年轻编舞。”
" It may be a bit early to celebrate , but I want to take the opportunity to inspire the company ' s younger choreographers . "
“现在庆祝可能还为时过早，但我想借此机会激励公司的年轻编舞。”
--FN--
#17:
" It might not infuriate so many people if it had n ' t happened in Nanjing , " said netizen " Meisheng " on the social media website Sina Weibo .
网友“梅生”在社交媒体网站新浪微博上表示：“如果不是在南京发生的话，可能不会激怒这么多人。”。
" It might not infuriate so many people if it had n ' t happened in Nanjing , " said netizen " Meisheng " on the social media platform Sina Weibo .
网友“梅生”在社交媒体平台新浪微博上表示：“如果不是在南京发生的话，可能不会激怒这么多人。”。
--TN--
#18:
" Medical science trained me in rigorous scientific logic that draws a clear line between yes and no , " he says .
“医学科学训练了我严格的科学逻辑，在是与否之间划出了一条清晰的界线，”他说。
" Computer science trained me in rigorous scientific logic that draws a clear line between yes and no , " he says .
“计算机科学训练了我严格的科学逻辑，在是与否之间划出了一条清晰的界线，”他说。
--TN--
#19:
" Once you begin improving your symptoms of anxiety or depression , it can physically give you benefits as well .
“一旦你开始改善焦虑或抑郁症状，它在身体上也会给你带来好处。
" Once you start improving your symptoms of anxiety or depression , it can physically give you benefits as well .
“一旦你开始改善焦虑或抑郁症状，它在身体上也会给你带来好处。
--TN--
#20:
" Over the past few months , I ' ve been doing a lot of thinking and personal work .
在过去的几个月里，我做了很多思考和个人工作。
" Over the last few months , I ' ve been doing a lot of thinking and personal work .
“在过去的几个月里，我做了很多思考和个人工作。
--TN--
#21:
" Thank you to all of the pioneers who originate culture , to all of the fallen angels whose contributions have gone unrecognized for much too long , " Bey wrote .
贝伊写道：“感谢所有开创这一文化的先驱者，感谢所有堕落的天使，他们的贡献长期以来未被认可。”。
" Thank you to all of the pioneers who originate culture , to all of the fallen angels whose contributions have gone unrecognized for far too long , " Bey wrote .
贝伊写道：“感谢所有开创这种文化的先驱者，感谢所有堕落天使，他们的贡献太久以来都未被认可。”。
--FP--
#22:
" The idea to build a community with a shared future for humanity , proposed by the Chinese president , has become more urgent to implement and is more in line with our current needs , " he stated .
他说：“中国国家主席提出的建设一个人类共同未来的社区的想法，已经变得更加迫切需要实施，更加符合我们当前的需要。”。
" The idea to build a community with a shared future for humanity , proposed by the Chinese president , has become more urgent to implement and is more in line with our current needs , " he said .
他说：“中国国家主席提出的建设一个人类共同未来的社区的想法，已经变得更加迫切需要实施，更加符合我们当前的需要。”。
--FN--
#23:
" The increase was driven by rising gas and food prices ; these were only slightly off set by falling secondhand car prices , " ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said .
国家统计局首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳（Grant Fitzner）表示：“油价和食品价格的上涨推动了油价的上涨；二手车价格的下跌只是略微抵消了这一涨幅。”。
" The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices ; these were only slightly off set by falling secondhand car prices , " ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said .
国家统计局首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳（Grant Fitzner）表示：“油价上涨是由燃料和食品价格上涨推动的；二手车价格下跌只是略微抵消了这一影响。”。
--FP--
#24:
" The living environment has improved in the past two years , and so has the public observance of social codes , " Li says .
“在过去两年中，生活环境有所改善，公众遵守社会规范的情况也有所改善，”李说。
" The living environment has improved over the past two years , and so has the public observance of social codes , " Li says .
“过去两年，生活环境有所改善，公众遵守社会规范的情况也有所改善，”李说。
--FP--
#25:
" The only way , if we ever want to stay together , is to rebuild a new pact with courage , unselfishness and credibility , " Draghi told the senators .
德拉吉告诉参议员们：“如果我们想在一起，唯一的办法就是以勇气、无私和信誉重建一项新的协议。”。
" The only way , if we still want to stay together , is to rebuild a new pact with courage , unselfishness and credibility , " Draghi told the senators .
德拉吉告诉参议员们：“如果我们仍然想团结在一起，唯一的办法就是以勇气、无私和信誉重建一项新的协议。”。
--FN--
#26:
" Therefore , performance enhancements are normally the central concern for ambitious athletes , as athletes themselves and by others are continually evaluating their accomplishments , " the medical commission added .
“因此，提高成绩通常是雄心勃勃的运动员关注的中心问题，因为运动员自己和其他人都在不断评估他们的成绩，”医学委员会补充道。
" Ultimately , performance enhancements are normally the central concern for ambitious athletes , as athletes themselves and by others are continually evaluating their accomplishments , " the medical commission added .
“归根结底，提高成绩通常是雄心勃勃的运动员关注的中心问题，因为运动员自己和其他人都在不断评估他们的成绩，”医学委员会补充道。
--TN--
#27:
" These villagers ca n ' t become migrant workers , as they have to take care of their children and old parents at home , so I hope to help them earn more , " Fu says .
“这些村民不能成为农民工，因为他们必须在家照顾孩子和年迈的父母，所以我希望帮助他们赚更多，”傅说。
" Many villagers ca n ' t become migrant workers , as they have to take care of their children and old parents at home , so I hope to help them earn more , " Fu says .
“许多村民不能成为农民工，因为他们必须在家照顾孩子和年迈的父母，所以我希望帮助他们赚更多，”傅说。
--TN--
#28:
" They get charged by the sea , so they can last their lifetime almost indefinitely , " Chao said .
“它们被海水冲走，所以它们的寿命几乎是无限期的，”赵说。
" They get charged by the sea , so they can extend their lifetime almost indefinitely , " Chao said .
“它们被海水充电，所以它们可以几乎无限期地延长寿命，”赵说。
--TP--WOW--"
#29:
" This is certainly not a concept suitable for a vaporetto in the Grand Canal or a cargo boat .
“这当然不是一个适用于大运河蒸汽船或货船的概念。
" It is certainly not a concept suitable for a vaporetto in the Grand Canal or a cargo boat .
“这肯定不是一个适合大运河蒸汽船或货船的概念。
--FP--
#46:
Ari Ragavan said regional countries should focus on restoring demand and strengthening domestic tourism by developing market campaigns to convince tourists it is safe to travel .
Ari Ragavan说，该地区国家应通过开展市场活动，说服游客旅游是安全的，从而重点恢复需求并加强国内旅游业。
Ari Ragavan said regional countries should focus on restoring demand and strengthening domestic tourism by developing market campaigns to convince travelers it is safe to travel .
Ari Ragavan说，该地区国家应通过开展市场活动，说服旅行者旅行是安全的，从而重点恢复需求并加强国内旅游业。
--TN--
#47:
As it turned out , another team from the US and Canada had independently found the same thing .
事实证明，另一个来自美国和加拿大的团队也独立发现了同样的问题。
As it turned out , another team from the US and Switzerland had independently found the same thing .
事实证明，另一个来自美国和瑞士的团队也独立发现了同样的问题。
--TN--
#48:
As the clock struck noon , Cai Kaijun , an urban construction worker , boarded a free air - conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning despite the searing heat .
正午钟声敲响时，城市建设工人蔡开军不顾酷热工作了一上午后，登上了一辆停在工地外的免费空调巴士休息。
As the clock struck noon , Cai Kaijun , an urban construction worker , boarded a free air - conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning in the searing heat .
正午钟声敲响时，城市建设工人蔡开军在酷热中工作了一上午后，登上了一辆停在工地外的免费空调巴士休息。
--TN--
#49:
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurely breeze wafted across Dazaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island , a short ferry ride from Xiamen , Fujian province .
本月一个炎热的夏夜，当太阳落山时，一股悠闲的微风吹过鼓浪屿上的大宰洲海滩。鼓浪屿是从福建省厦门出发的一个短途渡口。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island , a short ferry ride from Xiamen , Fujian province .
本月一个炎热的夏夜，当太阳落山时，一股悠闲的微风吹过鼓浪屿的港仔后海滩。鼓浪屿是从福建省厦门出发的一个短途渡轮。
--TP--UL