#35:
" Workers and pensioners are being hammered by relentless price hikes yet the government is nowhere to be found , " she said .
“工人和养老金领取者正受到无情的价格上涨的打击，但政府却无处可寻，”她说。
" Families and pensioners are being hammered by relentless price hikes yet the government is nowhere to be found , " she said .
“家庭和养老金领取者正受到无情的价格上涨的打击，但政府却无处可寻，”她说。
--TN--
#36:
" You have seen a lot of things inaccessible to the public and heard a lot of stories unknown to people , " he says .
“你见过很多公众无法接触到的东西，也听过很多人们不知道的故事，”他说。
" I have seen a lot of things inaccessible to the public and heard a lot of stories unknown to people , " he says .
“我看到了很多公众无法接触到的东西，也听到了很多人们不知道的故事，”他说。
--FP--
#37:
A " social orchard " with fresh produce has been created , drawing together groups of children for lessons on rural life , while a gastronomy school launches this year .
一个拥有新鲜农产品的“社会果园”已经创建，吸引了一群孩子一起上农村生活的课程，而一所美食学校今年开办。
A " social orchard " with fresh produce has been created , bringing together groups of children for lessons on rural life , while a gastronomy school launches this year .
一个拥有新鲜农产品的“社会果园”已经建立，将一群儿童聚集在一起，上农村生活的课程，而一所美食学校今年开办。
--FP--
#38:
A haptic device aboard the International Space Station may allow astronauts to interact with the robot .
国际空间站上的触觉设备可能允许宇航员与机器人互动。
A haptic device aboard the International Space Station would allow astronauts to interact with the robot .
国际空间站上的触觉设备将允许宇航员与机器人互动。
--TN--
#39:
A representative from the men ' s side congratulated the women ' s team upon qualification to the final .
男子队的一名代表祝贺女子队获得决赛资格。
A legend from the men ' s side congratulated the women ' s team upon qualification to the final .
一位来自男子的传奇人物祝贺女子队获得决赛资格。
--FP--
#40:
After this , they need to scale up , enrich the details , and color it until the creation is complete , according to the " Ten Sisters " .
在此之后，他们需要扩大规模，丰富细节，并着色直到创作完成，根据“十姐妹”。
After that , they need to scale up , enrich the details , and color it until the creation is complete , according to the " Ten Sisters " .
在那之后，他们需要扩大规模，丰富细节，并着色，直到创作完成，根据“十姐妹”。
--TP--WOW--WOW
#41:
Also , the number of points within the cluster tells us how many cells there are of that type .
此外，星团内的点数告诉我们有多少个这种类型的细胞。
Also , the number of points within a cluster tells us how many cells there are of that type .
此外，一个星团内的点数告诉我们有多少个这种类型的细胞。
--FN--
#42:
And one day , a security guard asked me to move faster because my audience were in the way , " he says .
有一天，一名保安要求我加快行动速度，因为我的听众挡住了路，“他说。
Until one day , a security guard asked me to move faster because my audience were in the way , " he says .
直到有一天，一个保安要求我加快行动，因为我的听众挡住了路，“他说。
--TP--others--"
#43:
And since communicating by text or email is n ' t as impersonal as social media , Akbari recommended that people call their friends .
由于通过短信或电子邮件进行交流并不像社交媒体那样没有人情味，阿克巴里建议人们打电话给他们的朋友。
And while communicating by text or email is n ' t as impersonal as social media , Akbari recommended that people call their friends .
虽然通过短信或电子邮件进行交流并不像社交媒体那样没有人情味，但Akbari建议人们打电话给他们的朋友。
--FP--
#44:
And this was a battle that Germany will likely still be feeling come the end of the week , while France ' s players will perhaps still be wondering how it is n ' t them taking on England .
这是一场德国可能会在本周末仍然感觉到的战斗，而法国的球员可能仍然想知道他们如何与英格兰队交锋。
But this was a battle that Germany will likely still be feeling come the end of the week , while France ' s players will perhaps still be wondering how it is n ' t them taking on England .
但这是一场德国可能会在本周末感受到的战斗，而法国的球员可能仍然想知道他们如何与英格兰队交锋。
--FN--
#45:
And when she reflected on her body ' s evolution , Campbell was keen to stress how bodybuilding had been accompanied by a shift in her mental health .
当她反思自己身体的进化时，坎贝尔热衷于强调健美是如何伴随着她心理健康的转变的。
And as she reflected on her body ' s evolution , Campbell was keen to stress how bodybuilding had been accompanied by a shift in her mental health .
当她反思自己身体的进化时，坎贝尔热衷于强调健美是如何伴随着她心理健康的转变的。
--TN--
#46:
Ari Ragavan said regional countries should focus on restoring demand and strengthening domestic tourism by developing market campaigns to convince tourists it is safe to travel .
Ari Ragavan表示，该地区国家应通过发展市场活动来说服游客旅行是安全的，从而专注于恢复需求和加强国内旅游业。
Ari Ragavan said regional countries should focus on restoring demand and strengthening domestic tourism by developing market campaigns to convince travelers it is safe to travel .
Ari Ragavan表示，该地区国家应该通过开展市场活动来说服旅行者旅行是安全的，从而专注于恢复需求和加强国内旅游业。
--FP--
#47:
As it turned out , another team from the US and Canada had independently found the same thing .
事实证明，来自美国和加拿大的另一支球队独立发现了同样的事情。
As it turned out , another team from the US and Switzerland had independently found the same thing .
事实证明，来自美国和瑞士的另一支球队独立发现了同样的事情。
--FN--
#48:
As the clock struck noon , Cai Kaijun , an urban construction worker , boarded a free air - conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning despite the searing heat .
随着时钟敲响正午，城市建设工人蔡开军登上了一辆免费空调公交车，尽管热浪灼热，但工作了一整天早上，工作一整天，休息一下。
As the clock struck noon , Cai Kaijun , an urban construction worker , boarded a free air - conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning in the searing heat .
随着钟声敲响正午，城市建设工人蔡开军在灼热的炎热中工作了一整天，登上了一辆驻扎在工地外的免费空调公交车，休息了一会儿。
--TP--"--WOW
#49:
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurely breeze wafted across Dazaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island , a short ferry ride from Xiamen , Fujian province .
本月一个炎热的夏夜，夕阳西下，一阵悠然的微风飘过鼓浪屿的太仔后滩，距离福建省厦门市只有很短的渡轮车程。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island , a short ferry ride from Xiamen , Fujian province .
本月一个炎热的夏夜，夕阳西下，一阵悠然的微风飘过鼓浪屿的岗仔后海滩，距离福建省厦门市只有很短的渡轮车程。
--TN--
#50:
Ashe loves the water as an alternative safe space from the more intimidating environment of the gym , a passion that has breathed new life into his mental health .
阿什喜欢将水作为另一种安全空间，从健身房更令人生畏的环境 ，这种激情为他的心理健康注入了新的活力 。
Ashe loves the water as an alternative safe space from the more intimidating environment of the gym , a passion that has breathed new life into her mental health .
Ashe喜欢将水作为另一种安全空间，远离健身房更令人生畏的环境，这种激情为她的心理健康注入了新的活力 。
--TP--UT--"
#51:
At the start of the book , the lead character , anthropology Professor Huang Bai from Cangshan University , is confronted with a problem .
在书的开头，主角，苍山大学的人类学教授黄白，面临着一个问题。
At the start of the book , the lead character , anthropology Professor Huang Bai from Lengshan University , is confronted with a problem .
在书的开头，主角，来自冷山大学的人类学教授黄白，面临着一个问题。
--TN--
#52:
Authorities said Guangdong has a long coastline and has been one of the main battlefields in the country ' s struggle against illegal border crossings and smuggling .
当局表示，广东拥有漫长的海岸线，一直是该国打击非法越境和走私的主要战场之一。
Authorities said Guangdong has a long coastline and has been one of the main battlefields in the country ' s fight against illegal border crossings and smuggling .
当局表示，广东拥有漫长的海岸线，一直是全国打击非法越境和走私的主要战场之一。
--TN--
#53:
BRICS countries , an important force for promoting multilateralism , have reaffirmed the belief that strong and representative multilateralism is essential for building resilience against current and future global challenges .
金砖国家作为推动多边主义的重要力量，重申了强大和具有代表性的多边主义对于建立抵御当前和未来全球挑战至关重要的信念。
BRICS countries , an important force for promoting multilateralism , have reaffirmed the belief that effective and representative multilateralism is essential for building resilience against current and future global challenges .
作为推动多边主义的重要力量，金砖国家重申了有效和具有代表性的多边主义对于建立抵御当前和未来全球挑战的韧性至关重要的信念。
--FP--
#54:
Beyoncé ' s " Renaissance " album dropped Friday so you might want to stay off social media if you do n ' t care about that .
碧昂斯的“文艺复兴”专辑周五掉了下来，所以如果你不关心这一点，你可能想远离社交媒体。
Beyoncé ' s " Renaissance " album dropped Friday so you may want to stay off social media if you do n ' t care about that .
碧昂斯的“文艺复兴”专辑周五掉了下来，所以如果你不在乎这一点，你可能想远离社交媒体。
--TN--
#55:
Beyoncé cements her ability to move beyond just singing with songs like " Cozy " and " Church Girl , " in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit .
碧昂斯巩固了她的能力，超越了仅仅唱歌的能力，比如“Cozy”和“Church Girl”，她给了我们一个她吐痰能力的样本。
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like " Cozy " and " Church Girl , " in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit .
碧昂斯巩固了她的能力，她超越了仅仅唱歌的能力，比如“Cozy”和“Church Girl”，她给了我们一个她吐痰能力的样本。
--FN--
#56:
Bottom line is , we need to get ahead of it and be able to end this outbreak .
底线是，我们需要走在前面，能够结束这次疫情。
Bottom line is , we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end this outbreak .
底线是，我们需要保持领先，并能够结束这次疫情。
--TP--WOW--WOW
#57:
Bulibekge Maiming Reheman , a team member , followed in the footsteps of her grandfather and father and became a conservator in Jiaohe after graduation .
Bulibekge Maiming Reheman，一名队员，追随祖父和父亲的脚步，毕业后成为焦河的一名保护员。
Gulibekge Maiming Reheman , a team member , followed in the footsteps of her grandfather and father and became a conservator in Jiaohe after graduation .
团队成员古丽贝格·梅明·雷赫曼（Gulibekge Maiming Reheman）追随祖父和父亲的脚步，毕业后成为焦河的一名保护员。
--FP--
#58:
But even with that education , it can be hard to detect a case of monkeypox , in part because the rash is n ' t always distinctive , Caveney said .
但即使有这种教育，也很难发现猴痘的病例，部分原因是皮疹并不总是独特的，卡文尼说。
But even with that education , it can be difficult to detect a case of monkeypox , in part because the rash is n ' t always distinctive , Caveney said .
但即使有这种教育，也很难发现猴痘病例，部分原因是皮疹并不总是独特的，卡文尼说。
--TN--
#59:
But honestly , I was very far in debt when I quit racing because there was n ' t the support that there is now .
但老实说，当我退出比赛时，我非常负债累累，因为现在没有支持。
And honestly , I was very far in debt when I quit racing because there was n ' t the support that there is now .
老实说，当我退出比赛时，我非常负债累累，因为现在没有支持。
--TN--
#60:
But in recent months , they ' ve decided they have too much stuff , especially at an uncertain moment for manufacturers and shoppers , and become hesitant to place new orders .
但最近几个月，他们决定他们有太多的东西，特别是在制造商和购物者不确定的时刻，并且对下新订单犹豫不决。
But in recent months , they ' ve realized they have too much stuff , especially at an uncertain moment for manufacturers and shoppers , and become hesitant to place new orders .
但最近几个月，他们意识到他们有太多的东西，特别是在制造商和购物者不确定的时刻，并且对下新订单犹豫不决。
--TN--
#61:
But resulting from this discovery , and other research using similar methods , there is the sense that our understanding of the body ' s cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science .
但是由于这一发现，以及其他使用类似方法的研究，有一种感觉，我们对身体细胞的理解正在被生物学和计算机科学的刺耳的新组合所改变。
But already from this discovery , and other research using similar methods , there is the sense that our understanding of the body ' s cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science .
但是从这一发现，以及其他使用类似方法的研究，已经有一种感觉，即我们对身体细胞的理解正在被生物学和计算机科学的刺穿性新组合所改变。
--TP--WOW--WOW
#62:
Cahill said his organization has been pushing for the US to declare monkeypox a public health emergency .
卡希尔说，他的组织一直在推动美国宣布猴痘为公共卫生紧急情况。
Cahill said his organization has been advocating for the US to declare monkeypox a public health emergency .
卡希尔说，他的组织一直在倡导美国宣布猴痘为突发公共卫生事件。
--FP--
#63:
China ' s trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation gain more dollar liquidity to maintain financial stability and reduce its reliance on foreign reserves , economists and experts said on Wednesday .
经济学家和专家周三表示，中国削减美国债务持有量可以帮助该国获得更多的美元流动性，以维持金融稳定并减少对外汇储备的依赖。
China ' s trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation gain more dollar liquidity to maintain financial stability and reduce its reliance on dollar reserves , economists and experts said on Wednesday .
经济学家和专家周三表示，中国削减的美国债务持有量可以帮助该国获得更多的美元流动性，以维持金融稳定并减少对美元储备的依赖。
--TN--
#64:
Coming next week : The US jobs report for March will be closely scrutinized for evidence the economy is slowing faster than expected .
下周：美国3月份的就业报告将受到严格审查，以证明经济放缓速度快于预期。
Coming next week : The US jobs report for July will be closely scrutinized for evidence the economy is slowing faster than expected .
美国7月就业报告将受到严格审查，以证明经济放缓速度快于预期。
--TP--"--UT
#65:
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody , " says Andrew Challenger , senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas .
公司一直不愿放开任何人，“全球新职介绍公司Challenger Gray & Christmas的高级副总裁Andrew Challenger说。
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody , " said Andrew Challenger , senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas .
公司一直不愿放开任何人，“全球新职介绍公司Challenger Gray & Christmas的高级副总裁Andrew Challenger说。
--TN--
#66:
Considering the significant progress China has made in energy conservation , an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action , considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions .
考虑到中国在节能方面取得的重大进展，一位专家呼吁在减少碳排放方面成本相对较低的情况下，为重大气候行动做出更大的努力。
Despite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation , an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action , considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions .
尽管中国在节能方面取得了重大进展，但考虑到其在减少碳排放方面相对较低的成本，一位专家呼吁在重大气候行动上做出更大的努力。
--TP--UT--"
#67:
Contributing to Young ' s popularity , her books managed to overcome the difficulties of explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinary concepts in English , a feat generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are grateful for .
为了促进杨的受欢迎程度，她的书设法克服了用英语解释许多空灵的中国烹饪概念的困难，这是一代又一代中国美食作家和爱好者感激的壮举。
Contributing to Young ' s popularity , her books managed to overcome the challenge of explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinary concepts in English , a feat generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are grateful for .
为了促进杨的受欢迎程度，她的书设法克服了用英语解释许多空灵的中国烹饪概念的挑战，这是一代又一代中国美食作家和爱好者感激的壮举。
--TN--