#167:
The story of " Desus & Mero " marks so much more than just the estrangement of two longtime friends .
“Desus & Mero”的故事不仅仅标志着两个老朋友的疏远。
The ending of " Desus & Mero " marks so much more than just the estrangement of two longtime friends .
“Desus & Mero”的结局不仅仅是两个老朋友的疏远。
--TP--"--UT
#168:
The stunning sight inside the cave shows a dramatic array of stalagmites and stalactites covered in vivid greens , yellows and reds .
洞内令人惊叹的景象展示了一系列引人注目的石笋和钟乳石，覆盖着鲜艳的绿色、黄色和红色。
The stunning sight inside the cave shows a dramatic array of stalagmites and stalactites covered in vibrant greens , yellows and reds .
洞穴内令人惊叹的景象显示了一系列引人注目的石笋和钟乳石，覆盖着充满活力的绿色、黄色和红色。
--FP--
#169:
The terracing system exploits the influence of gravity to direct rainwater to irrigate the plants .
梯田系统利用重力的影响来引导雨水灌溉植物。
The terracing system exploits the force of gravity to direct rainwater to irrigate the plants .
梯田系统利用重力引导雨水灌溉植物。
--TN--
#170:
The tourism market is accelerating its recovery as the summer holiday approaching and it will drive a rapid rebound in the hospitality sector , Xie said .
解说，随着暑假的临近，旅游市场正在加速复苏，这将带动酒店业快速反弹。
The tourism market is accelerating its recovery with the summer holiday approaching and it will drive a rapid rebound in the hospitality sector , Xie said .
解说，随着暑假的临近，旅游市场正在加速复苏，这将带动酒店业快速反弹。
--TN--
#171:
Then the concerned daughter went back to her family ' s home and made tender chicken on rice in a small pot .
然后，关心的女儿回到她家，用小锅做了嫩鸡饭。
So the concerned daughter went back to her family ' s home and made tender chicken on rice in a small pot .
于是，心疼的女儿就回娘家，用小锅做了嫩鸡饭。
--TP--"--WOW
#172:
There is still a wide space for the application of Chinese technologies in the clean energy industry in the Mediterranean and Europe , according to Wang Qiying , president and chief technology officer of Mingyang .
明阳总裁兼首席技术官王启英表示，中国技术在地中海和欧洲的清洁能源产业应用仍有广阔空间。
There is still a wide space for the application of Chinese technologies in the clean energy industry in the Mediterranean and Europe , according to Zhang Qiying , president and chief technology officer of Mingyang .
明阳总裁兼首席技术官张启英表示，中国技术在地中海和欧洲的清洁能源产业应用仍有广阔空间。
--TN--
#173:
There was history behind Mero ' s seeming loyalty to Lopez that dates back to well before the show came to be .
梅罗对洛佩兹看似忠诚的背后有一段历史，可以追溯到演出开始之前。
There is history behind Mero ' s seeming loyalty to Lopez that dates back to well before the show came to be .
梅罗对洛佩兹看似忠诚的背后有一段历史，可以追溯到演出开始之前。
--TN--
#174:
Therefore , a wellness hotel should provide care for the guest ' s body , mind and spirit , and try to foster a harmonious relationship among nature , space , people and services , according to the article .
因此 , 康体 酒店 应该 照顾 客人 的 身体 , 心灵 和 精神 , 并 努力 促进 自然 , 空间 , 人和 服务 之间 的 和谐 关系 , 文章 说 .
Moreover , a wellness hotel should provide care for the guest ' s body , mind and spirit , and try to foster a harmonious relationship among nature , space , people and services , according to the article .
此外，康体酒店应为客人的身、心、灵提供关怀，努力营造自然、空间、人与服务之间的和谐关系。
--TP--"--UT
#175:
These shots would need to be authorized by the FDA and recommended by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
这些镜头需要得到 FDA 的授权并得到美国疾病控制和预防中心的推荐。
Updated shots would need to be authorized by the FDA and recommended by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
更新的镜头需要得到 FDA 的授权并得到美国疾病控制和预防中心的推荐。
--FN--
#176:
These two concerts were produced by the Zheng Xiaoying Opera Center , a new art institution launched by the eponymous conductor in Xiamen this year .
这两场音乐会是由同名指挥家郑小英今年在厦门推出的新艺术机构——郑小英歌剧中心制作的。
The two concerts were produced by the Zheng Xiaoying Opera Center , a new art institution launched by the eponymous conductor in Xiamen this year .
两场音乐会由郑小英歌剧中心制作，这是同名指挥家今年在厦门推出的新艺术机构。
--FP--
#177:
They ' re scared and do n ' t know how they can realistically keep themselves safe in a lack of vaccines .
他们很害怕，不知道在缺乏疫苗的情况下如何切实保证自己的安全。
They ' re scared and do n ' t know how they can realistically keep themselves safe with a lack of vaccines .
他们很害怕，不知道在缺乏疫苗的情况下如何切实保证自己的安全。
--TN--
#178:
They also called for prioritizing the mobilization of resources necessary for accelerated implementation of their national centers ' road maps in line with Africa ' s New Public Health Order .
他们还呼吁优先调动必要的资源，以根据非洲的新公共卫生秩序加速实施其国家中心的路线图。
They also called for prioritizing the mobilization of resources necessary for accelerated implementation of the national centers ' road maps in line with Africa ' s New Public Health Order .
他们还呼吁优先调动必要的资源，以根据非洲的新公共卫生秩序加速实施国家中心的路线图。
--TN--
#179:
Thirdly , dialogues are easier to be accepted by readers because the reading process is like watching two people talking .
第三，对话更容易被读者接受，因为阅读过程就像看两个人说话。
Comparatively , dialogues are easier to be accepted by readers because the reading process is like watching two people talking .
相对而言，对话更容易被读者接受，因为阅读过程就像看两个人说话。
--TN--
#180:
This is the first time we ever put on an outdoor show in front of audiences next to the ocean .
这是我们第一次在观众面前在海边进行户外表演。
This is the first time we have put on an outdoor show in front of audiences next to the ocean .
这是我们第一次在观众面前在海边进行户外表演。
--TN--
#181:
This new study could help calm the anxiety that people face when it comes to contacting friends , Akbari said .
阿克巴里说，这项新研究有助于缓解人们在联系朋友时所面临的焦虑。
This new study can help calm the anxiety that people face when it comes to contacting friends , Akbari said .
阿克巴里说，这项新研究可以帮助缓解人们在联系朋友时所面临的焦虑。
--TN--
#182:
Those who love " The Golden Girls " and live in the Los Angeles area will soon have what can only be termed a golden opportunity .
那些热爱“黄金女郎”并居住在洛杉矶地区的人，很快就会拥有一个堪称千载难逢的机会。
Those who love " The Golden Girls " and live in the Los Angeles area will soon have what can only be called a golden opportunity .
那些热爱“黄金女郎”并居住在洛杉矶地区的人，很快就会有一个只能称为千载难逢的机会。
--FP--
#183:
To get over some of this discomfort , take notice of automatic thought patterns that arise when thinking about communicating with a friend , and try to push back against them , Harmayer said .
Harmayer 说，要克服这种不适，请注意在考虑与朋友交流时出现的自动思维模式，并尝试反击它们。
To get over some of this discomfort , take notice of automatic thought patterns that arise when thinking about communicating with a friend , and try to push back against them , Kirmayer said .
Kirmayer 说，要克服这种不适，请注意在考虑与朋友交流时出现的自动思维模式，并尝试反击它们。
--FN--
#184:
Under India ' s stock market rules , major shareholders must wait for one to two years before they are permitted to sell their shares .
根据印度的股市规则，大股东必须等待一到两年才能获准出售其股份。
Under China ' s stock market rules , major shareholders must wait for one to two years before they are permitted to sell their shares .
根据中国股市规则，大股东必须等待一到两年才能获准出售其股份。
--TN--
#185:
Using rigorous scientific logic , rich knowledge and a skill in storytelling , Yuan ' s articles are easy to follow .
使用严谨的科学逻辑、丰富的知识和讲故事的技巧，袁的文章很容易理解。
With rigorous scientific logic , rich knowledge and a skill in storytelling , Yuan ' s articles are easy to follow .
凭借严谨的科学逻辑、丰富的知识和讲故事的技巧，袁的文章很容易理解。
--TN--
#186:
Vaccines are free when people can find them , testing costs often add up , and treatments are still difficult to access .
当人们能找到疫苗时，疫苗是免费的，检测费用通常会增加，而且治疗仍然难以获得。
Vaccines are free when people can find them , testing costs can add up , and treatments are still difficult to access .
当人们可以找到疫苗时，疫苗是免费的，检测费用可能会增加，而治疗仍然难以获得。
--FP--
#187:
What ' s more , anthropology is an inclusive discipline , so anthropologists know a lot of different things , ranging from a minority language in Africa to geography , geology or paleontology , " he says .
更重要的是，人类学是一门包容性学科，因此人类学家了解很多不同的东西，从非洲的少数民族语言到地理、地质学或古生物学，”他说。
What ' s more , anthropology is an inclusive discipline , so anthropologists know a lot of different things , ranging from a minority language in Africa to history , geology or paleontology , " he says .
更重要的是，人类学是一门包容性学科，因此人类学家了解很多不同的东西，从非洲的少数民族语言到历史、地质学或古生物学，”他说。
--TN--
#188:
When Wang Shuo , known online as Hesenbao , was a docent at the National Museum of China , there were questions that came up , at a particular point , repeatedly from visitors .
当网名赫森宝的王朔在中国国家博物馆担任讲解员时，在某个特定的时间点，游客们反复提出了一些问题。
When Yuan Shuo , known online as Hesenbao , was a docent at the National Museum of China , there were questions that came up , at a particular point , repeatedly from visitors .
当袁硕（网名和森宝）在中国国家博物馆担任讲解员时，在某个特定时间点，参观者反复提出了一些问题。
--TN--
#189:
When painting , the artists need to polish the walls to make sure they are smooth .
绘画时，艺术家需要打磨墙壁以确保它们光滑。
Before painting , the artists need to polish the walls to make sure they are smooth .
在绘画之前，艺术家们需要打磨墙壁以确保它们是光滑的。
--FP--
#190:
Whether struggling to survive or showing her workaholic side in the flashbacks , Barrera holds up her end of the bargain , but the writing simply does n ' t .
无论是为了生存而挣扎，还是在闪回中展现她工作狂的一面，巴雷拉都坚持了她的讨价还价，但写作根本没有。
Whether struggling to survive or exhibiting her workaholic side in the flashbacks , Barrera holds up her end of the bargain , but the writing simply does n ' t .
无论是为了生存而挣扎，还是在闪回中展示她工作狂的一面，巴雷拉都坚持了她的讨价还价，但写作根本没有。
--FN--
#191:
While the RCEP has been in place for only three months , several member countries have already seen how it is freeing up trade .
虽然 RCEP 实施仅三个月，但一些成员国已经看到它是如何释放贸易的。
While the RCEP has been in place for only six months , several member countries have already seen how it is freeing up trade .
虽然 RCEP 实施仅六个月，但一些成员国已经看到它是如何释放贸易的。
--FN--
#192:
Wingers Delphine Cascarino and Candidiatou Diani in particular were posing a threat to Germany ' s so far unbeatable back line .
尤其是边锋德尔芬卡斯卡里诺和坎迪迪亚图迪亚尼对德国迄今为止无与伦比的后卫线构成了威胁。
Wingers Delphine Cascarino and Kadidiatou Diani in particular were posing a threat to Germany ' s so far unbeatable back line .
尤其是边锋德尔芬卡斯卡里诺和卡迪迪亚图迪亚尼对德国迄今为止无与伦比的后卫线构成了威胁。
--TN--
#193:
With mountains rising behind serene Lake Wakatipu , Rakauri Lodge boasts a stunning setting in New Zealand ' s South Island .
Rakauri Lodge 在宁静的瓦卡蒂普湖背后耸立着群山，在新西兰的南岛拥有令人惊叹的环境。
With mountains rising behind serene Lake Wakatipu , Matakauri Lodge boasts a stunning setting in New Zealand ' s South Island .
Matakauri Lodge 在宁静的瓦卡蒂普湖背后耸立着群山，在新西兰的南岛拥有令人惊叹的环境。
--TN--
#194:
With no plaque or indication of any kind as to what this wall may be , my curiosity was peaked .
由于没有牌匾或任何关于这堵墙可能是什么的迹象，我的好奇心达到了顶峰。
With no plaque or indication of any kind as to what this wall might be , my curiosity was peaked .
由于没有牌匾或任何关于这堵墙可能是什么的迹象，我的好奇心达到了顶峰。
--TN--
#195:
With the support of Rana , Brian and the rest of the family , it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes to Jake Bates .
在 Rana、Brian 和其他家庭成员的支持下，Jake Bates 感觉好像没有什么是不可能的。
With the support of Rana , Brian and the rest of the family , it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes to Zach Bates .
在 Rana、Brian 和其他家庭成员的支持下，Zach Bates 感觉好像没有什么是不可能的。
--TN--
#196:
Zha said that in addition to Bodh Gaya , destinations such as Nalanda , Rajgir , Vaishali and Patna , the capital of Bihar , are favorites among Chinese tourists , adding that the state is also home to many stupas .
查说，除了菩提伽耶之外，比哈尔邦的首府那烂陀、拉吉吉尔、毗湿奴和巴特那等目的地是中国游客的最爱，并补充说，该邦还有许多佛塔。
Zha said that in addition to Bodh Gaya , destinations such as Nalanda , Rajgir , Vaishali and Patna , the capital of Bihar , are favorites among Chinese tourists , adding that the state is also home to numerous stupas .
查说，除了菩提伽耶之外，比哈尔邦的首府那烂陀、拉杰吉尔、毗舍离和巴特那等目的地是中国游客的最爱，并补充说，比哈尔邦还有众多佛塔。
--TP--"--NEP
#197:
Zhang and the girls trained hard , and soon , teachers and students noticed great improvement in the team , which attracted more students to join .
张老师和姑娘们刻苦训练，很快，老师和同学们就发现队伍有了很大的进步，吸引了更多的同学加入。
Zhang and the girls trained hard , and soon , teachers and students saw great improvement in the team , which attracted more students to join .
张老师和姑娘们刻苦训练，很快，老师和同学们的队伍有了很大的进步，吸引了更多的同学加入。
--FN--
#198:
Zhou ' s car skidded upside down down the track and then flipped over the tyre barrier before crashing into the fence .
周先生的车在赛道上打滑，然后翻过轮胎护栏，最后撞到了围栏上。
Zhou ' s car skidded upside down across the track and then flipped over the tyre barrier before crashing into the fence .
周 的 车 在 赛道 上 颠倒 打滑 , 然后 翻 过 轮胎 护栏 , 撞上了 围栏 .
--TP--others--"
#199:
Zou Liyou , Chinese consul general to Kolkata , highlighting the importance of Bodh Gaya as a major tourist destination , said that it has the potential to trigger an influx of arrivals from China .
中国驻加尔各答总领事邹立友强调了菩提伽耶作为主要旅游目的地的重要性，并表示它有可能引发中国游客的大量涌入。
Zha Liyou , Chinese consul general to Kolkata , highlighting the importance of Bodh Gaya as a major tourist destination , said that it has the potential to trigger an influx of arrivals from China .
中国驻加尔各答总领事查立友强调菩提伽耶作为主要旅游目的地的重要性，并表示它有可能引发中国游客的大量涌入。
--FN--